Add a Warning Specifying Certificate Type to Renew a TLS Certificate (#1935)
astronomer/docs: software/renew-tls-cert.md

description: Update and auto-renew your organization's TLS certificate for Astronomer Software.
---

After you set up a transport layer security (TLS) certificate for Astronomer, you'll need to establish a process for periodically renewing the certificate. The following methods are available for certificate renewal:

* **Automatic renewal**: Let's Encrypt provides a service that automatically renews your TLS certificate every 90 days. Astronomer recommends this option for smaller organizations where the DNS administrator and cluster administrator are either the same person or on the same team.
* **Manual renewal**: Manual renewal works similarly to the initial certificate creation process, except that you replace your existing certificate by creating a new certificate. Astronomer recommends this method for large organizations that have their own processes for issuing certificates.

> :::warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
```

> 

Reviewer: It seems like this is an example of how one would manually renew a certificate according to their organization's standards. Can you confirm with your tech reviewers that this setup is not needed if you automatically renew per `Automatically renew TLS certificates Using Let's Encrypt`? If so, I would move this note to `Manually renew TLS certificates`

Reviewer 2: This flag starts to be important since Certbot upgrade to version 2. So doesn't matter it's manual or automatic upgrade, main point to have RSA cert which is not default for now. Customer can investigate current cert created by automation, if it's RSA - all good.

> When renewing a TLS certificate with Let's Encrypt or Certbot, you must specify the RSA key type and include `-key-type rsa --rsa-key-size 2048` when using the `docker run` command. If you don't specify the RSA key type, deploys fail and error messages appear in the registry and Houston logs. To specify the RSA key type, run the following command:

Reviewer: Where is the `docker run` info coming from? When is that command needed and for what?

Reviewer: Ope nvm, just saw the linked article in the issue

Author: The `docker run` command originated in a [how-to prepared by Artem](https://support.astronomer.io/hc/en-us/articles/13300012364051--Cannot-read-public-key-OID-is-not-RSA-error-in-houston-logs). The command creates and runs a new container from an image. See [docker run](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/).

I can modify the statement to the following:

_When renewing a TLS certificate with Let's Encrypt or Certbot, you must specify the RSA key type and include `-key-type rsa --rsa-key-size 2048` when using the `docker run` command **to create a new container from an image**._

It makes the sentence longer and users should know what the command does, or they should be able to find the information quickly.

> When renewing a TLS certificate with Let's Encrypt or Certbot, you must specify the RSA key type and include `-key-type rsa --rsa-key-size 2048` when using the `docker run` command. If you don't specify the RSA key type, deploys fail and error messages appear in the registry and Houston logs. To specify the RSA key type, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certbot now uses ECDSA keys to sign certificates. If you use Certbot to renew your TLS certificate, you must include `-key-type rsa --rsa-key-size 2048` in your command to sign your certificate with an RSA key. If you don't use RSA keys, deploys fail and error messages appear in the registry and Houston logs. For example, you can run the following command tp sign your certificate with an RSA key:
```

```sh

> sudo certbot certonly --manual --preferred-challenges=dns -d -d *. --key-type=rsa

Reviewer: This example is only for CertBot, we don't actually have a setup for Certbot yet so I don't think we should include this.

If this is an essential step in the renewal process, should we have this as a step in the following topic?

Author: @jwitz it appears customers are using Certbot without instructions and this caused the issue that necessitated the addition of this cautionary note. I think we should keep the Certbot reference for this reason despite it not being supported currently. It might alleviate support calls. We can remove the code sample if you think it is confusing.

We could add a step to the procedures asking users to specify the RSA key type. Do you have the code sample for that? If not, a statement at the top of the topic should suffice.
